## Chips

### Bug Fixes

- `#256994` - The issue with aria-selected value maintenance in a single selection has been fixed.

## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#256903` - Resolved bookmarks API issue when bookmark is in table.
- `#256758` - Resolved selection issue after correcting the spelling mistake.
- `#258938` - Resolved typo error in place holder of comments text area.
- `#257481` - Font family in font dialog is now update properly based on current selection.
- `#257171` - Bookmarks is now update properly after paste with formatting.
- `#257161` - List number is now update properly when hidden field contains list paragraph.
- `#246365` - Borders are now render properly when copy and paste from excel.
- `#257455` - Font colour is now update properly in modify style dialog.
- `#250770` - Line is now arranged properly when insert field.

### New Features

- `#256487` - Enhancements for mouse and keyboard selection.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#259524` – Annotations are rendered properly in the large page size document if the page rendered in fitToPage mode initially.
- `#259523` – Errors will no longer occur while exporting the annotation if the document contains text web link annotation.
- `#259134` – The annotationSelect event now triggers properly if we add the multiple annotations to a page.
- `#258949` – The opacity value is now applied properly if set it on annotation during initialization.
- `#259383` – The errors will no longer occur if we import the annotations after deleting the added annotations.
- -`#259166` – The text content will be selected properly at the end of the page.
- `#259078` – The annotations will now be created if we resize the annotation through multipage.
- `#259564` – The Null reference error will no longer occur while loading the provided PDF document.

### New Features

- `#257514` – Provided the support for import/export the custom stamp annotations.
- `#257231` – Exposed the property to access the search count value.
- `#258386` – Exposed the API to retrieve the text content and bounds along with page size details.

## Slider

### Bug Fixes

- `#259186` - Now, the tooltip is displayed correctly for the slider component while rendering it inside the dialog component.

## Splitter

### New Features

- Provided `Keyboard navigation support` for splitter. The available keyboard shortcuts are,
- `Up Arrow` - will move separator towards up in vertical splitter.
- `Down Arrow` - will move separator towards down in vertical splitter.
- `Right Arrow` - will move separator towards right in horizontal splitter.
- `Left Arrow` - will move separator towards left in horizontal splitter.
- `Enter key` - will toggle nearest collapsible pane of focused separator.

## TreeGrid

### Bug Fixes

- `#258560` - Deleting added records works properly for multiple child level.
- `#258560`- Fixed issue in alignment of newly added child record when auto increment column is used for primary key column.

## TreeView

### Bug Fixes

- `#258993` - Now, expand and collapse is working properly after enabling the ripple effect.

