## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#F169863`, `#SF-354348` - Resolved the server-side exporting issue in SFDT to Docx.
- `#SF-359780` - Resolved the layout issue in word 2013 justification for list applied text.
- `#SF-356294` - Resolved the extra space adding while copying and pasting text with bookmarks.
- `#SF-356242` - Resolved the style issue for the newly added rows & columns in the table.
- `#SF-358936` - Resolved the HTML Element ContentEditable property issue in DocumentEditor.
- `#SF-357051` - Resolved the element alignment issue due to page break.
- `#SF-355713` - Resolved the script error in applying restrict editing in DocumentEditorContainer.
- `#SF-354207` - Resolved the atleast line spacing type line height issue.
- `#SF-354215` - Resolved the floating elements positioning issue after update form fields.
- `#SF-357939` - Resolved the footer overlapping issue after pasting large content.
- `#SF-354644` - Resolved the overlapping issue for image with top and bottom wrapping style in header.
- `#SF-358814` - Document with applied list format is exported properly.
- `#F171012` - Resolved the script error in applying the list format to character style applied text.
- `#SF-358474` - Resolved the header/footer tooltip and toolbar item text wrap issue when localized.
- `#SF-358523` - Resolved the status bar and font family style issue when localized.
- `#SF-356958` - Resolved the misalignment after list applying.
- `#SF-355425` - Resolved the auto fit table with preferred with type 'Point' is now layouted properly.
- `#SF-359606` - Resolved the default tab width calculation with tab stop.
- `#SF-355860` - Resolved the tab element layout issue in footer.
- `#SF-359156` - Resolved the cropped image issue rendering in header/footer.
- `#SF-354038` - Resolved the performance issue in inserting table more rows.

## File Manager

### Bug Fixes

- `#I344572` - The issue with "The AJAX call was sent to the server when performing sorting operation in File Manager" has been resolved.

## Gantt

### Bug Fixes

- `#360424` - Issue in performing drag and drop when resource is set to null has been fixed.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

`#SF-359772`,`#SF-359880`- Now, the form fields are editable on the mobile device.
`#SF-359042`- Free text annotations are downloaded properly without hiding any last character.
`#SF-358308`- Spinners are hidden properly while removing the display as none for the spinner.
`#SF-360035`- The Script error will no longer be thrown while using the editAnnotation method in mobile mode.
`#SF-358584`- Stamps are saved properly in the rotated PDF document.


## Pivot Table

### Bug Fixes

- `#I346790` - The Pivot Table is now properly refreshed with virtual scrolling when using touch.

### New Features

- `#I354750` - Provided events support to customize cell values in PivotEngine export.

## Range Slider

### Bug Fixes

- `#I359470` - The issue with "The Range Slider tooltip is not hidden when it is placed inside the tab container" has been resolved.

