## Common

### New Features

- Provided version based state persistence support.

## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `302151` - Vertical alignment for cell now working properly in header and footer.
- `304069` - Table cell spacing now exported properly.
- `304048`, `294075` - Auto fit table is now layout properly if table has preferred width.

## Gantt

### Bug Fixes

- `F159625` - Console error on indent action after adding record has been fixed.

## ListBox

### Bug Fixes

- `#299696` - Item template ignored while performing drag / drag and toolbar actions issue resolved.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#299497`, `#301943` -  Triggered the event on updating the value in the free text annotation.
- `#301759`, `#303702` - Now, the document is rendered correctly in the Mobile device.
- `#300917` - Now, the read-only text box field background color is maintained correctly.
- `#301513` - The isProgrammaticSelection property is returned properly in the annotation select event.
- `#299303` - Now, the waiting pop is visible on the page on applying the Zoom Mode property.
- `#301753` - The ExportAnnotationAsObject is now working properly.
- `#286360` - The PDF document is now perfectly rendered with the free text annotation on a mobile device.

### New Features

- `#300570` - Provided the Support to clear the annotation selection.
- `#299501` - Exposed the event before adding the free text annotations.

## RichTextEditor

### Bug Fixes

- `#301458` - The issue with "The `Value` property does not change when pasting the content by selecting `ctrl+a` in the Rich Text Editor" has been resolved.

