## DateRangePicker

### Bug Fixes

- `#245362` - Issue with "Data Annotations error message not displayed" has been resolved.

## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#246264` - Page now becomes responsive, when document contains table with split cell widget.
- `#249138` - Table of contents dialog now rendered properly.
- `#245757` - Page now becomes responsive when we edit in header footer region.
- `#249049` - List continue numbering issues are resolved now.
- `#248304`, `#250801` - TOC is now updated properly, when paragraph contains page break with heading style.
- `#249736` - Focus is now set to text search result, when search icon is clicked in options pane.
- `#249542` - Draw image error is resolved now, when document contains invalid image source.
- `#249329` - Added localization for missed text in document editor.
- `#248710` - Character format is now applied, when selection start is in field.

## MultiSelect

### Bug Fixes

- `#249088`- Issue with "the performance issue while clear the selected items using clear button" issue has been resolved.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#249742` - The annotationSelect event will be triggered properly after selecting another text markup annotation.
- `#245008` - Notes of the measure annotations will now be updated properly after modifying the scale values.

### New Features

- `#248585` - The start and end indexes of text markup annotation have been exposed in the annotationAdd event.

## Uploader

### Bug Fixes

- `#249235` - Issue with "renamed file not removed in the server while remove files using remove button" has been fixed.

