## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#271928` - Resolved script when trying to create a new document and document have broken comments.
- `#271886` - Right tab width issue when paragraph contains right indent.
- `#271986` - Resolved error when updating Table of Contents with comments.
- `#271967` , `#271968` , `#271971` - Paste text only in empty paragraph is now working properly.
- `#271985` - Resolved script error when remove page break after bookmark.
- `#272009` , `#273868` - Modify style using numbering and paragraph dialog is now working properly.
- `#271977` - Pasting text in heading style is now maintain heading style in paragraph.
- `#271863` - Paragraph element splitting issue is now resolved when alignment is left and line combined with field.

### New Features

- Added `height` and `width` API to define height and width of document editor.

## Dropdown Tree

### Bug Fixes

- The issue with `The Dropdown Tree placeholder hides while opening the popup, when enabling the checkbox support` has been fixed.

## File Manager

### Bug Fixes

- The issue with `Unable to localize the error message in the access control actions` has been fixed.
- `#269976` - Now, The File Manager UI will be refreshed properly when resizing the browser window.

## TreeView

### Bug Fixes

- `#269540` -The issue with `The getAllCheckedNodes method which is not returning the proper checkedNodes values in the TreeView component` has been fixed.

### New Features

- `#274084` - Provided an option to set the drag area in TreeView component.

