## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#I343645` - Table grid after width percentage value is now properly exported in server-side.
- `#I341659` - Resolved the list alignment issues.
- `#I347230` - Zero line spacing value is now properly exported in server-side.
- `#I346468` - Resolved the document corruption issue due to z-order in server-side exporting.
- `#I344830` - Resolved in exception in opening and saving document with calculation form field.
- `#I345582`, `#I341985` - Document with tab width is now rendered properly.
- `#I346985` - Line height issue is now properly updated for tab character with greater size than rest of the elements in the line.
- `#FB29648` - Table rows/columns in header and footer are now resized properly.
- `#I349115` - Resolved the `goToPage` API scrolling behaviour issue.
- `#I348516` - Table/Cell background color serialized properly in copy/paste.
- `#I341891` - Resolved the hanging issue in editing the footnote content.
- `#I344790` - Resolved footnote overlapping issue when editing a table.

## Dropdown Tree

### Bug Fixes

- `#I342745` - The performance issue that occurred when selecting a node that was rendered with a huge data source has been resolved.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#347402`, `#347555`- Now, the signature dialog is opened correctly on clicking the signature field in Firefox and Safari browser.
- `#344549`- The ink annotations are preserved correctly in the Adobe.
- `#346607`- Now, the signature dialog width is proper on resizing the browser window.
- `#345897`- The ink annotations are now drawn over the free-text annotations when the 'allowEditTextOnly' property is enabled.
- `#347427`- The form designer tooltip is now hidden when the 'showToolTip' property is set to FALSE.
- `#348023`- The 'isReadOnly' property is now updated correctly once we set the value to TRUE.
- `#345130`- Now, the exact shape of the image is maintained when added to the signature field.
- `#347558`- Now, the custom stamp position is added properly in mobile view.

### New Features

- `#336589`, `#339329`, `#346113` - Provided annotation toolbar settings support in mobile view.

## TreeView

### Bug Fixes

- `#I342745` - The performance issue that occurred when selecting a node that was rendered with a huge data source has been resolved.
