## AccumulationChart

### Breaking Changes

- Type for the `Center` property in the `Pie` is changed to `PieCenter` from object.

## Calendar

### New Features

- `#246049` - Now, month name, day name are capitalized for all localization.

## DateTimePicker

### New Features

- `#249683` - Now, you can set the server time zone for initial date value process using `serverTimezoneOffset` property.

## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `251355` - Script error while importing the document is now resolved.
- `251910` - Status bar disappear on mouse hover is now resolved.
- `251219` - Script errors due to Content security policy are now resolved.

### New Features

- `#250061`, `#246305` - Added property to retrieve bookmarks on selection.
- `#251247` - Added API for restrict editing.
- `#251247`, `#238969`, `#252954`,`#253149` - Added API for selection.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#252806` - Annotation bounds are retrieved properly when importing and exporting the annotation details in rotated PDF documents.
- `#253016` - Free text annotation bounds are preserved properly in the rotated PDF document while saving the document.
- `#251152` - Text markup annotation resizer position will be updated properly in the doctype HTML pages.
- `#252879` - Script errors will no longer occur if we disable the magnification module.
- `#253504` - The character start and end indexes will be updated properly in the text markup annotationAdd event arguments.

### New Features

- `#252805` - Exposed the annotation unique ID in the annotationAdd event arguments.

## Pivot Table

### Bug Fixes

- #251642 – Now, the defer layout update option can be enabled or disabled dynamically through field list UI.
- #251558 – Now, the pivot chart draws with the percent of height value.

### New Features

- #248131 – Provided the conditional expression support to create calculated field.
- #251642 – The performance of virtual scrolling while adding or removing fields and moving fields to any axis is improved.

## Uploader

### New Features

- `#226384`, `#F147065` - Now, the file upload UI get changed for `synchronous upload`.

