## Maps

### Bug Fixes

- `#307853` - The property in the JSON for the maps shape data can now be displayed in the tooltip template.

### New Features

- `#306094` - `borderWidthValuePath` and `borderColorValuePath` properties are exposed to set border width and color to individual shapes using data source values.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#309198, #309230` - The Form field's position is now updated properly in the print preview and printed documents.
- `#308703, #308960` - The cut, copy, and paste actions are working properly for the custom stamp annotations.
- `#306586` - The annotationAdd event is now triggered properly while adding the custom stamp annotation.
- `#309594` - The Form field position is now updated properly for the provided PDF documents.
- `#308213` - The page height is now updated properly on resizing the window in the fitToPage mode.
- `#303825` - The propertyChangeEvent is now trigged properly for the respective property changes.
- `#301513` - The isProgrammaticSelection property is returned properly in the annotation select event.
- `#309981` - The PDF Viewer localization tooltip content is updated properly in the German culture.
- `#309983` - Exception will no longer be thrown while selecting the zoom mode from the zoom combo box in the localization environment.
- `#309238` - Now, the render page requests are not being sent on zooming when the restrictZoomRequest property is enabled.

### New Features

- `#303978` - Provided the support to add the default stamp annotations programmatically.
- `#305688` - Exposed the formFieldClick event in the PDF Viewer.

## Pivot Table

### Bug Fixes

- `#307182` - The pivot chart is now rendered when the column axis has no fields.

### Features

- `#294982`,`#F157008` - "Median" aggregation is now supported.

## Spreadsheet

### Bug Fixes

- `#F161685` - Insert sheet method issue fixed.

## TreeGrid

### New Features

- `#280065` - Provided support to maintain Tree Grid state(expand/collapse) while on Exporting.

## TreeView

### Bug Fixes

- `#307712` - The issue in getting the invalid `isChecked` attribute value in the `getTreeData` method for the dynamically added nodes has been resolved.

