## Common

### Bug Fixes

- `#F164211, #F164316` - The issue with "Warning throws on upgrading/installing our package with the latest version of dependent Newtonsoft.Json package" has been fixed.

### New Features

- `#F151487` - Provided the support for auto ID generation for our Form components based on `ejs-for` attribute. The changes breaks the existing behavior which is used with complex object bindings.

## Dashboard Layout

### Bug Fixes

- `#307884` - Panel resizing is not working when dynamically update the resize property of DashboardLayout component has been resolved.

## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#I319991` - Inline form filling is now working properly in Internet Explorer.
- `#319782` - Resolved script error while deleting the content.
- `#I320821`, `#I320991` - Table is now drawn with proper line width.
- `#I319987` - Table with merged cells now layout properly.
- `#I320513` - Header content is not rendered properly.
- `#I321397` - Table with merged cells is now exported properly.
- `#I317683` - Exported document with footnote is no longer corrupted.
- `#I313465` - Insert image renders the image properly.
- `#I308899` - Track changes is now listed properly in revision pane.
- `#I320270` - Table track changes is now tracked in paste.
- `#I319403`, `#I317463` - Resolved file corruption issue while exporting the document with shapes.
- `#I319185` - Resolved left border rendering issue in merged cells.
- `#I313943` - Tab character is now layout properly.
- `#I313821` - Fixed layouting issue in table with preferred width type as auto.
- `#F162726` - Line spacing is now updated properly.
- `#I319819` - Issue with Undo/Redo in multilevel list is resolved.
- `#I318381` - Comment is not added properly.
- `#I317743` - Accept track changes script error is resolved.
- `#I307321` - Checkbox with tab width rendered properly.
- `#FB23691` - Updated the track changes behaviour in read only mode.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#315264` - Now, the User names in comments are working properly.

## Tree Grid

### Bug Fixes

- `#315665, #318515, #320888` - Row Drag and Drop within treegrid and to another treegrid works fine.

