## Document Editor

### Breaking Changes

- The `DictionaryData(int langID,string dictPath,string affPath,string customPath)` is marked as obsolete. Use the alternate new constructor `DictionaryData(int langID, string dictPath, string affPath)` in `Syncfusion.EJ2.SpellChecker` spell checker.
- The `SpellChecker(List<SpellCheckDictionary> dictItem)` is marked as obsolete. Use the alternate new constructor `SpellChecker(List<DictionaryData> dictItem, string customDicPath)` in `Syncfusion.EJ2.SpellChecker` spell checker.

### Bug Fixes

- `#315096` - Selection behaviour is updated properly, while pasting a URL and clicking enter after the URL.
- `#315413`, `#317463` - Table cell is now rendered properly.
- `#314467` - Find and replace is now working properly.
- `#315441` - While inserting same bookmark multiple times and deleting, bookmarks were preserved properly now.
- `#316532` - ParagraphFormat is now preserved while pasting with text only option.
- `#314193` - Document with charts were now preserved properly on exporting.
- `#161908`, `#318321` - Added API to show/hide restrict editing pane.
- `#315435` - Table cell width now preserved properly on editing.
- `#162638` - Table background color was now updated properly on updating borders and shading.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#312055` - The opacity value is applied properly for the free text annotation when importing the annotations.

## TreeView

### Bug Fixes

- `#310875` - The issue with "The `isChecked` attribute is not working when using the `sortOrder` property in TreeView" has been resolved.
- `#282214` - Now the `isChecked` attribute value is updated properly in the `NodeChecked` event arguments in the TreeView component.

