## ComboBox

### New Features

- `#F153278` - Provided support for accepting the x-template value to all template properties.

## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- Comments pane locale string is now returns proper time.
- `#275137` - Apply vertical alignment for cell is now working properly when it inside table.
- `#275184` - Select bookmark API is now select bookmark element properly.
- `#275452` - Select current word using keys is now working properly when line contains comments.
- `#274525` - List font is now update properly on enter in list paragraph.
- `#273905` - Insert row below is now proper when cells have different borders.
- `#272762` - Modify list level using tab key is now proper.
- `#277823` - Resolved script error when deleting edit range element inside table.

## Gantt

### Bug Fixes

- `#276942` - Issue while passing additional parameter to server side on CRUD operation has been fixed.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#274036` - Now, the page does not gets refreshed on clicking the import annotation button
- `#267062` - Size of the Stamp is rendered correctly after saving and loading the file in PDF Viewer.
- `#268505` - Download is working correctly For French Culture Environment.
- `#F153465` - Digital Signature in the exported image is preserved correctly.
- `#F153465` - Style of the form fields are preserved properly in PDF Viewer.
- `#274694` -Text highlight is working properly.
- `#276547` -Text selection is working properly for lower zoom factor.

### New Features

- `#254075` , `#266559` - Provided the support  to render the hyperlinks which are preserved as plain text

