## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#I324223`, `#I324023` - Resolved the underline issue in word document export.
- `#I322560`, `#I323516` - Script error in the top and bottom layout is resolved.
- `#I322402` - Before pane switch event triggering twice issue is resolved.
- `#F163664` - Unresponsive issue in opening large size text file is resolved.
- `#I323401`, `#I323423` - Resolved the page wise footnote content layout issue.
- `#I322548` - Resolved the track changes issue in track changes.
- `#I322561` - Bookmark delete and history operation is working fine.

### New Features

- `#I307321` - Added support table positioning properties.

## File Manager

### Bug Fixes

- `#I321258`, `#I320950` - The issue with "Error as occurred while sorting the path column at second time in File Manager component" has been fixed.
- `#I318476`, `#I320950` - Resolved the script error that occurred while dragging and dropping an item without selecting it in details view of the File Manager component.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#322799` - The imported stamp annotation position is updated correctly in the MVC platform.

## Pivot Table

### Bug Fixes

- `#316510` - The pivot table is now scrollable in mobile devices when virtual scrolling is enabled.
- `#322256` - The pivot chart's title can now be dynamically updated.

## TreeView

### Bug Fixes

- `#I320271` - The issue with "While performing drag and drop action between two TreeView components, the `dataSourceChanged` event is not triggered for the source TreeView" has been resolved.
- `#F158127` - The issue with "The TreeView `getAllCheckedNodes` method returns invalid data while setting invalid IDs to the `CheckedNodes` property" has been resolved.

