## Common

### New Features

- Compatibility support provided for .NET 5.0 Release Candidate (RC2).

## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#296222` - Resolved table rendering issue when table contains merged cell.
- `#297479` - Field result text with multiple lines are now inserted properly when track changes enabled.
- `#296863` - Resolved script error when field code contains table.
- `#281339` - Resolved paragraph renders outside the page in RTL format document issue.
- Resolved script error Navigating to the specified bookmark.
- `#296222` - Resolved exporting issue when exporting document with shape.
- `#294306` - Resolved page number update issue when page contains page field.
- `#295176` - Ctrl + V now works properly in Edge.
- `#296782`, `#296781` - Resolved issue on cursor visibility when cursor is in editable region.
- `#293369` - Document with merged cell is now exported properly.
- `#294261` - Accepting or rejecting changes were now preserved in restrict editing.
- `#292726` - Row header was now repeated properly for each page.
- `#281339` - Numbered list in the RTL was now rendered properly.
- `#295753` - Sections with restart page number now updated properly.
- `#293980` - Skipped form field insertion in header and footer similar to MS Word.
- `#294075`,`#293472` - Resolved table border rendering issue.
- `#291766` - Resolved file picker not opening issue in IE.
- `#296842` - Resolved issue on selecting a merge field.
- `#292515` - Polish characters are now working properly in IE.
- `#291766` - Resolved script error on loading a document with text wrapped image.
- `#292515` - Resolved toolbar rendering issue in IE.
- `#289186`,`#293172` - Text box with none style is now exported properly.
- `#291766` - Resolved issue on table rendering black.
- `#293342`,`#295176` - Ctrl + V now works properly in IE.

### New Features

- `#281067`, `#279595` - Added partial lock and edit support.

## Gantt

### New Features

- `#292246` - Provided support to split the taskbar into multiple segments through context menu and dialog edit.

## Pivot Table

### New Features

- `#284032` - Provided drill up/down support to attribute hierarchy members in OLAP data source.
- `#295338` - Introduced an event that will fire when you click the multi-level labels of pivot chart.

## TreeView

### New Features

- `#295977` - Provided an option to identify the dragged node's dropping position which is relative to the dropped node.
- `#F158142` - Now, the TreeView template node interaction is enabled.

## Visual Studio Code Extensions

### Bug Fixes

- `#296342` - Fixed the exception in Syncfusion ASP.NET Core (EJ2) conversion utility. 

