## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#SF-356242`, `#SF-364511` - Resolved the character format and paragraph format in inserting new row and column.
- `#SF-363021` - Resolved the bullet list copy paste issue.
- `#SF-363285` - Resolved the bulleted list deletion issue inside table.
- `#SF-362395` - Resolved the table delete issue when track changes is enabled.
- `#F171944` - Resolved the document scrolling issue.
- `#SF-361169` - Resolved the pasting issue in large non-formatted content.
- `#SF-356384` - Resolved the merged cell rendering issue.
- `#SF-355425` - Resolved the relayout issue in editing wrapped table editing.
- `#SF-352941` - Resolved the table border rendering.
- `#SF-353976` - Resolved the table merged cells rendering issue.

### New Features

- `#F168557` - Added support for insert new paragraph using \r\n, \r, \n
- `#SF-358641` - Added API to get/set field information.

## File Manager

### Bug Fixes

- `#I363861` - The issue with "When dragging the files outside of the component container throws an error in large icons view in the File Manager component" has been resolved.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#SF-361967`- Copy and paste is now working properly for the signature field when it is added at the bottom of the page.
- `#SF- 361906`- The text position for the provided PDF document is now correct.
- `#SF-361379`- While importing the annotations, the FontColor and FillColor properties are now updated properly.
- `#SF-360076`- In the signature field, the drawn signature is not stretched now.
- `#SF-364148`, `#F172304`- The Script error will no longer be thrown in the mobile view while destroying the PDF Viewer.
- `#SF-362874`- The form field names are now added properly to the form fields.
- `#SF-365411`, `#SF-360719`- The annotations are now properly added to the pages when enableDesktopMode is true on mobile devices.

## Pivot Table

### Bug Fixes

- Events to customize cell values using PivotEngine export are now working properly in Angular.

## Tooltip

### Bug Fixes

- `#I362431` - The issue with "Collision doesn't work property while specify the container property in Tooltip component" has been resolved.

