## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#I339602` – Track changes is now updated properly in header and footer.
- `#I341964`, `#I342165` – Resolved the text rearrange issue in copy/paste of RTL text.
- `#I339714` – Footnote order is now updated properly.
- `#I339973` - Table serialization issue in word export is resolved.
- `#I340795` – Issue with copying field is resolved.
- `#I339872` – Page number is footer is now updated properly.
- `#I339576`, `#F168072` – Resolved the issue in applying page orientation with the section break.
- `#I339027` – Resolved the script error in saving tracked content in header/footer.
- `#I340532` – Html elements are nor properly disposed.
- `#F168319` – Resolved the ViewChange event binding issue in Document Editor component
- `#I340643`, `#I341375` – Resolved the history issue in comment operations
- `#I341840` – Resolved the table rendering issue.

### New Features

- `#I342110` - Added event to customize the XMLHttpRequest in DocumentEditor and DocumentEditorContainer component.

## Dropdown Tree

### Bug Fixes

- `#I342360`, `#I342351` - The issue with "The Dropdown Tree component is not rendered when providing an id that starts with an integer type" has been resolved.

### New Features

- `#I301222` - Provided support to display custom selected values template in the Dropdown Tree component.

## File Manager

### Bug Fixes

- `#F166908` - The issue with "When pressing Ctrl+A key, the scroll bar is moved to last item in File Manager detail view" has been resolved.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#297147`, `#339056` - Now, the free text annotations with 90 and 270 rotated angle are rotated properly.
- `#341677` - Now, the opacity is applied properly for the custom stamps.
- `#341074` - Now, the search icon is visible to close the search dialog.

## Pivot Table

### Bug Fixes

- `#F168308` - The pivot table can now be rendered properly with custom number formats.
- `#I339705` - When the virtual scrolling feature is used, the pivot table can now be rendered properly without an unnecessary horizontal scrollbar when the content does not require it.
- `#I341987` - The pivot table can now be rendered properly while perform filtering with OLAP data source.
- `#I342221` - The pivot table can now be rendered properly while applying date grouping through UI.
- The column headers are now displayed properly while perform resizing.
- `#I342221` - The pivot table can now be rendered properly while perform member filtering with an empty header.

### New Features

- `#I300095` - Provided support to display measures at any desired positions in the column or row axis for relational data sources.

## RichTextEditor

### Bug Fixes

- `#F168838` - The issue with "Image is not inserted in the editor, when using the `Turkish` language" has been resolved.

## Sidebar

### Bug Fixes

- The issue with "The Sidebar background color is not correct in high-contrast theme" has been resolved.

## Tree Grid

### New Features

- `#314841` - Provided support to freeze the columns on right, left or both sides.

