## Calendar

### New Features

- Added the Islamic calendar support.

## DatePicker

### New Features

- Added the Islamic DatePicker support.

## DateTimePicker

### New Features

- Added the Islamic DateTimePicker support.

## Dialog

### Bug Fixes

- The issue with animation duration has been resolved in dialog control.
- Introduced a new argument `isInteracted` by deprecating existing event argument `isInteraction` for unique naming convention.

## Pivot Grid

### Bug Fixes

- 219623 - Text in the field list tab gets completely displayed in mobile layout.
- 219625 - Scrolling works properly in touch mode when virtual scroll option is enabled.
- 219625 - In mobile device, virtual scrolling sample is loaded properly from the sample browser.
- 219625 - In mobile device, last column cells are displayed properly.

### New Features

- Raw items in the control can be edited and updated at runtime.
- Provided support to list the raw items for a particular value cell.
- In the filter pop-up, provided support to set the limit the display field values and search option for refining the values from large data.
- Provided hyperlink support to perform any custom operation programmatically.
- Defer update option has been provided to refresh the control on-demand and not during every UI interaction for better performance.
- Provided support to show or hide subtotals and grand totals for rows and columns.
- More aggregation types like – Distinct Count, Product, Running Totals, Percentage of Column Total, Percentage of Parent Column Total, Population Var are added.

