## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#148494` - Resolved script error on destroying the container.
- `#289186` - Resolved layout issue on exporting a text box.
- `#289172` - Resolved script error when two or more server request is passed at same time.
- `#287775` - Resolved script error on saving a document with form field.
- `#289902` - Custom page height and width is now updating properly in page setup dialog.
- `#289902` - Resolved review pane enabled issue when track changes is disabled.
- `#157264` - Resolved script error when finding a text with curly braces.
- `#290625` - Tick icon in line spacing is aligned properly now.
- `#291882` - Now,Text contents were not transformed to upper case while copying.
- `#287582` - Apply shading property for form field is now maintained also on exported document.
- `#280951` - Table contents were not rendered on footer region now.
- `#287195` - Resolved script error throw while deleting large text inside a table.

### New Features

- `#156915` - Added public API to check whether the selection is in edit region.
- `#287831` - Added public API to show spell check dialog.
- `#284434` - Spell checker performance was optimized.

## File Manager

### Bug Fixes

- `#288598` - Now, the file details will be sent correctly to the server side while using the rootAliasName property.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#285509` - Now, the signature is loaded Properly in the PDF document.

### New Features

- `#283678` - Exposed the method for deleting the annotations.
- `#289426` - Provided the support to import the annotations based on the annotationCollection.

