## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#I341435` - Optimized the content change event triggering in Document Editor.
- `#I340867` - Selection issue after applying character format is resolved.
- `#I341335` - Resolved the text formatting preservation for merge fields.
- `#I339239`, `#I339242`, `#I339021` - Resolved the text arrangement issue for RTL documents.
- `#I335659` - Resolved the undo/redo some text in RTL mode.
- `#I340643` - Resolved the comment mark removal issue in comment delete.
- `#I339335` - Resolved the hanging issue in editing document with Hebrew text.
- `#I340121` - Resolved the issue with elbow connector rendering as line connector.
- `#I339453` - Resolved the rendering issue in fixed table width case.
- `#I341119` - Resolved the image with top and bottom wrapping overlapping issue with table.

### New Features

- `#I343497` - Added support to render the texture style for table cell shading.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#F169102` - Now, the download action is working properly after importing the provided customer document.
- `#342951` - Now, the Bookmark navigation is working properly in mobile mode.
- `#343011` - Now, the download action is working properly after adding the text markup annotation.

## RichTextEditor

### Bug Fixes

- `#F168838` - The issue with "Image is not inserted in the editor, when using the `Turkish` language" has been resolved.

## Tree Grid

### Bug Fixes

- `#I340839` - Resolved dragging and dropping creates duplicate rows  when setting initial sort for the newly added record.

