## DatePicker

### New Features

- Now, provided the `DatePickerMaskPlaceholder` type to the `maskPlaceholder` property.

## DateTimePicker

### New Features

- Now, provided the `DateTimePickerMaskPlaceholder` type to the `maskPlaceholder` property.

## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#I325741` - Resolved the footnote layouting issue when opening a document.
- `#I331634` - Resolved the issue on updating the table cell width.
- `#I331274` - Table positioning property is now preserved properly.
- `#I331667` - Document with BuildingBlockGallery content control type is now exported properly.
- `#I331452` - Resolved the layout issue on footnote inside the table.
- `#I331606` - Document with content control block saving issue is now exported properly.
- `#I331667`, `#I332223` - Shape in footer is now preserved properly.
- `#I330686`, `#I331349`, `#I310463` - Shape fill is now preserved properly.
- `#I332333` - Zoom value is now updated properly in status bar.
- `#I330165`, `#I327647`, `#I324515` - Resolved the worst case scenario issues in comment editing and deleting.
- `#I319210` - The changes and comment tab in the review pane will be visible only if at least one tracked change or comment is present respectively in the document.

## Grid

### Bug Fixes

- `#I329764` - Exception while exporting the Grouped Grid with stacked header has been fixed.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#331233` - The Script error will no longer be thrown if we disable the toolbar and navigate the next page from code behind.
- `#331680` - Now, the Annotation toolbar items are aligned properly in the drop-down.

## RichTextEditor

### Bug Fixes

- `I321350` - The issue with "The cursor pointer changed when applying bold and typing in the Rich Text Editor" has been resolved.

## TimePicker

### New Features

- Now, provided the `TimePickerTimeMaskPlaceholder` type to the `maskPlaceholder` property.

## Tooltip

### Bug Fixes

- `#I328768` - The issue with "The Tooltip is not opened in the current cursor position while enabling the `mouseTrail` and `openDelay` support" has been resolved.

## Tree Grid

### New Features

- `#274416, #274607, #313192, #F159014` - Provided Infinite Scrolling support for Tree Grid which allows you to lazy load data when scroller reaches the near end.
- `#280065` - Provided support to maintain Expand/Collapse state of Tree Grid while exporting the data.

