## Chips

### New Features

- `#256381` - Now, the `BeforeClick` event triggers while clicking the chips.
- `#256381` - Now, the `SelectedChips` property maintains the value field that is provided to the chip.

## Dialog

### New Features

- `#256585` - Provided the new event `destroyed` that triggers when the component of the dialog is destroyed.

## Document Editor

### Breaking Changes

- Default value of `enableLocalPaste` is set to false. So, by default, the content will be pasted from the system clipboard.

### Bug Fixes

- `#252868` - Resolved script error when resize row to next page.
- `#259972` - Formatting is now applied properly for keep text only option in paste.
- `#258191` - Table cell width are now updated properly.
- `#260133`, `#261809` - Page scrolling issue is resolved when right click in MAC machine.

## In-place Editor

### New Features

- `#258695` - Provided `cancel` argument in `beginEdit` event to prevent the open action of the editor.

## PDF Viewer

### New Features

- `258172` - Provided the support to open the command panel while loading the PDF document if the isCommandPanelOpen property is set to true.
- `259159` - Provided the support to open the thumbnail view panel while loading the PDF document if the isThumbnailViewOpen property is set to true.
- `259961` - Exposed the annotation label settings value in the annotationAdd event arguments.
- `259615` - Exposed the annotation label settings value in import/export JSON data.
- `256596` - Exposed the annotation selector settings value for individual annotation objects and import/export JSON data.

## RichTextEditor

### New Features

- `#F149481` - Provided the support to get the selected HTML content using the `getSelectedHtml` public method.

## Slider

### Bug Fixes

- The issue "z-index value get's updated on each value change" has been resolved.

