## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#SF-360337`- Exception is thrown while downloading the empty list box field is now resolved.
- `#SF-360635`,`#SF-361422`,`#SF-361359`- Now, the form field is hidden properly when setting the visible property to hidden.
- `#SF-358375`- Now, the PDF document loaded properly in the PDF Viewer when you set the size limit for the memory cache.
- `#SF-359388`- Now, the form fields position is correct for a rotated PDF document.
- `#SF-354638`- Now, the free text annotation is not hidden when clicking outside of the free text annotation.
- `#SF-360405`- Now, the Free text annotations and ink annotations are rendered properly in the lower zoom factors.
- `#F171647`- Now, the annotationAdd event is triggered after adding the sticky notes annotation in the annotation collection.
- `#SF-361639`- The Script error will no longer be thrown when loading the form-fields document without injecting the form field module.
- `#SF-362311`- Now, the Move cursor is not showing above the custom stamp while the custom stamp annotation is selected.
- `#SF-359233`- The hidden issue of free text characters is now resolved.
- `#SF-363626`- The Script error will no longer be thrown while loading a PDF document when the enableHyperlink is set to false.
- `#SF-363055`- Now, the free text becomes edited properly while clicking the selector.
- `#SF-363411`- Now, the free text position on a downloaded document is accurate on the Chrome browser.

## Pivot Table

### Bug Fixes

- `#I359726`, `#I354750` - When using the virtual scrolling feature, the pivot table can now be exported properly to Excel and CSV formats.
- Even the value fields starts with the same unique name, the Pivot Table values are now properly displayed.
- `#I363972` - With the toolbar UI, the Pivot Chart is now refreshed properly while performing checkbox selection in the chart menu.

