## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#I319397` - Resolved the spell check for certain words ending with `ies`.
- `#F164367` - Resolved the script error in `npm run sass`.
- `#I319824` - Resolved the extra page rendering issue.
- `#I319824` - Resolved the border rendering issue in the exported word document.
- `#I319421`, `#F163236` - Resolved the copy/paste issue for content copied from Document Editor.
- `#I307321` - Document exporting issue with line shape is resolved.
- `#I307321` - Exported document rendering issue in resolved.
- `#I321190` - Resolved the icon issue in material-dark, bootstrap-dark, fabric-dark themes.
- `#I319808` - Document with tab is now rendered properly.
- `#I317303` - Spacing after the numbered list is preserved.
- `#I324052` - Added the footnote and endnote locale strings.
- `#I307321` - Table border issue in exported word document is resolved.
- `#I307321` - List with hanging indent is rendered properly.
- `#I313465` - Resolved the image rendering issue in insert image API.
- `#I321108` - Script error in tracking the changes is resolved.
- `#I321923` - Script error in pasting image URL in track change mode is resolved.
- `#I317358` - Image copy/paste issue in ASP.NET MVC framework is resolved.
- `#I318843` - Resolved the list formatting issue in copy pasted content.
- `#I319868` - Exported document with image in header is opened properly in Libre Office.
- `#I324025` - Resolved the font dialog option value in localized mode.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#317344` - The Script error will no longer be thrown if we add the custom stamp image more than 4MB size.

## Pivot Table

### Bug Fixes

- `#318017`,`#318625` - Export customization set in the `beforeExport` event is now working.
- `#320952` - Members with special characters are now accepted by the member editor.
- `#F163080` - Even if the fields have special characters, calculated fields can now be created.
- `#323557` - The color picker in the conditional formatting dialog now supports language translation.

### New Features

- `#321444` - Date/time values in the editing dialog can now be edited using the date/time picker.

## Visual Studio Extensions

### Bug Fixes

- `#324048` - Fixed the Syncfusion Scaffolding command-line performing issue in Web Assembly with ASP.NET Core hosted application.

