## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#I340758` - Resolved the word export issue for the table with merged cells.
- `#I341140` - Track changes content is now updated properly for the existing empty line.
- `#F167253`, `#F168269` - Track changes pane visibility issue is resolved.
- `#I341985` - Resolved the tab space rendering issue.
- `#F168463` - Resolved the layout issue for the element with square wrapping style.
- `#I338947` - Resolved the undo problem after paste of hebrew text.

### New Features

- `#I345565` - Added support for Word 2013 justification.
- `#I343751` - Added alert window for row and column specified more than 63 and 32767 respectively in insert table dialog.

## Dropdown Tree

### Bug Fixes

- `#F169190` - The issue with "The Dropdown tree is not focused while pressing single tab key" has been resolved.
- `#I341135` - The issue with "The Dropdown Tree selected items are misaligned while adding  the `e-outline` and `e-filled` CSS classes" has been resolved.

## Gantt

### Bug Fixes

- `#F168970` - Issue in updating Segments data issue has been fixed.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#339329`, `#341199` - Now, the default context menu of browser will no longer be shown on selecting the text in mobile view.

## Pivot Table

### Bug Fixes

- `#I345297` - While clicking the value sorting icon, the cell click event is now properly triggered.
- `#I342886` - The "Calculated Field" feature in the pivot table now works properly in Angular production mode.

## RichTextEditor

### Bug Fixes

- `#I342605` - The `RemoveUrl` API configured controller action, now receives the image file data instead of the `src` attribute value, When removing an image from the editor.

