## Presentation

### Features
{:#presentation-features}
* Added support for creating and modifying notes to slides in a PPTX file.

### Bug Fixes
{:#presentation-bug-fixes}
* \#149697 - Chart title font style, border thickness, chart size are now preserved properly in the converted PDF.
* \#149697 - Legend icon size is now preserved properly in the converted PDF.
* Not supported exception is no longer thrown while cloning a PPTX file with charts.
* Implemented the IDisposable interface for Presentation and PresentationToPdfConverter classes.
* File corruption issue while opening the generated PPTX file with SmartArt diagrams has been fixed.
* File corruption issue while opening the PPTX file generated by cloning and merging slides from another PPTX file with `Use Source Formatting` option has been fixed.
* Issue in setting `VerticalAlignment` property of Legend is now resolved.
* Issue in setting `Delimiter` property of chart `DataLabel` is now resolved.
* Issue in setting `Backward` and `Forward` properties of the `Trendline` is now resolved.
* Issue in setting `AutoFormat` and `IsAutoLineColor` properties for chart border is now resolved.
* Issue in setting `HasCustomShadowStyle` property is now resolved.
* Issue in setting `Angle`, `Blur` and `Distance` properties of `Shadow` is now resolved.
* Issue in setting `ReversePlotOrder` property of chart axis is now resolved.
* Issue in setting `InnerPreset` property for `InsideDiagonalTopLeft` is now resolved
* Transparency is now preserved properly while setting shadow for a chart.
* Shadow color of the chart is now preserved properly while opening and saving PPTX file.
* Bullet characters are now preserved properly while converting PPTX to PDF.
* Slide background color is now preserved properly while converting PPTX to PDF.