## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#294306` - Resolved page number update issue when page contains page field.
- `#295176` - Ctrl + V now works properly in Edge.
- `#296782`, `#296781` - Resolved issue on cursor visibility when cursor is in editable region.
- `#293369` - Document with merged cell is now exported properly.
- `#294261` - Accepting or rejecting changes were now preserved in restrict editing.
- `#292726` - Row header was now repeated properly for each page.
- `#281339` - Numbered list in the RTL was now rendered properly.
- `#295753` - Sections with restart page number now updated properly.
- `#293980` - Skipped form field insertion in header and footer similar to MS Word.

### New Features

- `#281067`, `#279595` - Added partial lock and edit support.

## File Manager

### Bug Fixes

- `#288436` - The issue with "The error dialog appears when copy and paste the folder with the same name" has been resolved.

## Gantt

### Bug Fixes

- `#291962` - Dates are not filtered with given date format issue has been fixed.
- `#295998` - Events are not triggered properly while perform zoom to fit actions has been fixed.

## RichTextEditor

### Bug Fixes

`#294066`, `#294062` - The issue with "option to return valid XHTML for the inline elements" has been resolved by introducing a new public method `getXhtml` in the Rich Text Editor.


## TreeView

### Bug Fixes

- `#286629` - The issue with "when quickly clicking on the different nodes then it is interpreted as double click" has been resolved.

