## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#I324028` - Resolved the font dialog properties applied in font dialog.
- `#I323597` - Resolved the text box rendering in RTF documents.
- `#I323603` - Resolved the footnote issue when switching to web layout.
- `#I321745` - Resolved the comment selection issue.
- `#I322561` - Resolved the bookmark undo and redo script error.
- `#I323670` - Resolved the font size and font family issue in copy paste.
- `#I325291` - Document with alternate chunks is now loaded properly.
- `#I323401`, `#I323423` - Resolved the page wise footnote content layout issue.
- `#I326150` - Resolved issue in updating cross reference field.
- `#F160804` - Styles not considered properly while deleting the content.
- `#I324169` - Resolved opacity issue in toolbar item.
- `#I312306` - Hyperlink context is now retrieved properly.
- Resolved the `showRestrictEditingPane` API script error.
- Resolved the document zooming issue.

### New Features

- `#I307321` - Added support table positioning properties.

## File Manager

### Bug Fixes

- `#I321258`, `#I320950` - The issue with "Error as occurred while sorting the path column at second time in File Manager component" has been fixed.
- `#I318476`, `#I320950` - Resolved the script error that occurred while dragging and dropping an item without selecting it in details view of the File Manager component.

## Gantt

### Bug Fixes

- `#325627` - Editing works fine after when holiday is set dynamically.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#322039` - The Arrow icon is shown properly in the custom stamp dropdown.

## Pivot Table

### Bug Fixes

- `#325971`,`#325981` - The toolbar options are now working in the server-side engine.
- `#320801`,`F163949` - Values set in complex tags (wrapper) are now applied to the pivot table.

## Range Slider

### Bug Fixes

- `#I313394` - The issue with "The Range Slider handle position is moved to the wrong position after performing drag and drop using the range bar" has been fixed.

## TreeView

### Bug Fixes

- `#I320271` - The issue with "While performing drag and drop action between two TreeView components, the `dataSourceChanged` event is not triggered for the source TreeView" has been resolved.
- `#F158127` - The issue with "The TreeView `getAllCheckedNodes` method returns invalid data while setting invalid IDs to the `CheckedNodes` property" has been resolved.

