## Dashboard Layout

### Bug Fixes

- `#I306072` - The Floating issue in Dashboard Layout when the scroll bar is in the middle of the page has been resolved.

## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#I334754`, `#F167429` - Resolved the localization issue.
- `#I333264` - Resolved the before spacing issue for the paragraph starting in new page.
- `#I333226` - Resolved the underline issue.
- `#I332508` - Resolved the tracking of multiline tracking and empty paragraph revision.
- `#I335858`, `#F148494` - Resolved the script error in component destroy.
- `#F166420` - Resolved the SFDT exporting issue with shape.
- `#I332253` - Resolved the cut paste hyperlink with track changes enabled.
- `#I335409` - Resolved user list updating issue in restrict editing pane.
- `#I328976` - Table and document content is not layouted properly.
- `#I331333` - Resolved the page unresponsive issue in splitting the nested tables.
- `#I331763` - Resolve the shifting issue in the table with table positioning property on relayouting
- `#I330233` - Resolved the extra page adding issue when using update field.
- `#I329790`, `#I331351` - Table is now layouted based on compatibility mode.
- `#I332483` - Resolved the issue on bookmark shifting while removing document content.
- `#I331762` - Table with merged cell is now layouted properly.
- `#I330485` - Ole picture is now preserved as normal picture.
- `#I330776` - Resolved the casing issue in the generated suggestions.
- `#I330982` - Resolved the unexpected characters when pasting using Java server-side library.
- `#I325741` - Resolved the footnote layouting issue when opening a document.
- `#I331634` - Resolved the issue on updating the table cell width.
- `#I331274` - Table positioning property is now preserved properly.
- `#I331667` - Document with BuildingBlockGallery content control type is now exported properly.
- `#I331452` - Resolved the layout issue on footnote inside the table.
- `#I331606` - Document with content control block saving issue is now exported properly.
- `#I331667`, `#I332223` - Shape in footer is now preserved properly.
- `#I330686`, `#I331349`, `#I310463` - Shape fill is now preserved properly.
- `#I332333` - Zoom value is now updated properly in status bar.
- `#I330165`, `#I327647`, `#I324515` - Resolved the worst case scenario issues in comment editing and deleting.
- `#I319210` - The changes and comment tab in the review pane will be visible only if at least one tracked change or comment is present respectively in the document.

### New Features

- `#I256210`,`#F150773`,`#I295055`,`#I295551`,`#I324037`,`#I326715` - Added support for keep with next and keep lines together.

## Dropdown Tree

### Bug Fixes

- `#F167371` - The performance issue that occurred when destroying the Dropdown Tree with a huge data source and CheckBox support has been resolved.

## ListView

### Bug Fixes

- `#F167149` - The issue with "Multiple requests are made to the controller when using remote data source with template support in the ListView component" has been resolved.

## Pivot Table

### Bug Fixes

- `#I337487` - Now the field's caption can be changed dynamically using the value field settings pop-up.
- `#F167449` - Now the fields panel has been refreshed properly with toolbar UI.

## TreeView

### Bug Fixes

- `#I337237` - Resolved the performance issue that occurred when removing more than 500 nodes from the TreeView using multiple selection.

## Visual Studio Extensions

### New Features

- Provided the ASP.NET MVC project template, scaffolding, and conversion and migration support for Visual Studio 2022.

