## ComboBox

### New Features

- `#F153278` - Provided support for accepting the x-template value to all template properties.

## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#278685` - Resolved script error on backspace inside the edit range.
- `#247077` - Selection is now updated properly while clicking before merge field.
- `#277357` - Table borders are now rendered properly.
- `#275686` - `contentChange` event will not trigger while switching the layout type.
- `#276616` - Paragraph format now preservers properly while inserting text.
- `#276039` - Adding new comment and replying to old comment is now disable in read only mode.
- `#277959` - Document with shape now imported properly.
- `#153583` - Selection is now updated properly for image inside the bookmark.

## DropDownList

### Bug Fixes

- `#277503` - Now, sort order is worked while adding new items via addItem method.

## Dropdown Tree

### Bug Fixes

- `#276800` - The issue with “The selected item is maintained in DOM after clearing the item using clear icon in the Dropdown Tree component” has been resolved.
- `#278072` - The issue with “The Dropdown Tree selected values are not received in the form post back” has been resolved.
- `#274468` - The issue with “The Dropdown Tree popup element is incorrectly positioned when it is rendered inside the Bootstrap dialog” has been fixed.

### New Features

- `#277378` - Provided the support to reset the values in the Dropdown Tree component when the form reset method is called.

## File Manager

### Bug Fixes

- The issue with "File name is not displayed in the access control error message" has been fixed.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#273237` - Now, Annotation comments are locked properly when locked the annotations.

## ProgressBar

The progress bar provides a customizable visual to indicate the progress of a task with different shape such as rectangle and circle.


## Sidebar

### Bug Fixes

- `#272991` - The issue with "Unable to use the same target for more than one Sidebar component" has been resolved.

## TreeView

### Bug Fixes

- `#276986` - Now, the previous state will be restored in the TreeView when the CRUD operation is failed at the server side.

