## Common

### Bug Fixes

- `I306976` - Issue with "HTML Element ID contains special character throws script error" has been fixed.

## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#264813` - List tab element now layouts properly.
- `#309425` - Paragraph formats were considered while creating a new table.
- `#309976` - List was not updated properly from level 1 to level 2.
- `#306480` - Review pane was now updated properly on resizing.
- `#309052` - Document with footnote now rendered properly without overlap.
- `#309565` - When enable comment is false comment tab is hide in review pane now.
- `#307321` - Table with no cell border now rendered properly.
- `#307860` - While pasting no extra paragraph was added now.
- `#311336` - Text was now updated properly on undo without overlap.

## File Manager

### Bug Fixes

- `#305138` - The issue with "Incorrect message is displayed in delete dialog for File Manager Component" has been resolved.

## Gantt

### New Features

- `#306342` - Included target element in `actionBegin`, `taskbarEditing`, `contextMenuOpen` events.

## TextBox

### Bug Fixes

- `#311126` - Issue with "row attribute is not added to the multiline input" has been resolved.

## Tooltip

### Bug Fixes

- `#298848` - The issue with "The `openDelay` property is not effective in the Tooltip while enabling the `mouseTrail` property" has been resolved.

## TreeGrid

### New Features

- `#300136` - Provided support for tab like behaviour on navigating over the cells for Cell and Batch Editing.

