## DatePicker

### Bug Fixes

- `#263840` - Issue with “console error throws while providing the class name with empty space through htmlAttributes property” has been resolved.

## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#267924` - Circular reference exception resolved when export the document contains chart.
- `#152124` - Resolved script error when modify style for locale changed text.
- `#266059` - Skipped adding bookmark when pasting content with bookmark.
- `#267949` - Table is now revert properly when insert table below another table.
- `#268472` - Selection format is now retrieved properly when paragraph contains more than two paragraph.
- `#269467` - List character format is now update properly when paragraph contains style.
- `#264813` - Tab width in list paragraph is now layout properly.
- `#264779` - Text clipping issue is resolved when text inside table.

## Maps

### Bug Fixes

- `#263976` - Data label template will render properly now in the sublayers.

### New Features

- `#264809` - Latitude and longitude values are exposed in the arguments of panning event of the Maps control.

## NumericTextBox

### Bug Fixes

- `#259941` - Now, numeric textbox model value is formatted with server decimal separator before post to the server instead of model value when submitting the form.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#271163` - Errors will no longer occur when the print module in disabled state.
- `#268829` - Now, the deleted annotations are removed properly from the PDF document.

### New Features

- `#267524` - Provided the support for feet inch Calibration ratio in PDF Viewer.
- `#269003` - Exposed the non filled form fields value in the fireValidatedFailed event arguments.
- `#268276` - Provided the support to customize the annotation resize  cursor type in PDF Viewer.
- `#268715` - Exposed the 'Not Approved' stamp annotation under dynamic stamp type.

## Spreadsheet

### Breaking Changes

- API name changes.

| Old Property | New Property | 
|---|---|
| `RangeSettings` | `Ranges` | 

