## Document Editor

### Bug Fixes

- `#F172362` - Resolved the script error in removing form field
- `#SF-363487` - Resolved the spell check call triggering issue along with spell check by page.
- `#SF-365295` - Comment and track changes date time is now compatible with MS Word.
- `#SF-363790` - Resolved the performance issue in selection when focus moves out for Document editor.
- `#SF-293910` - Comment operation is are restricted in the read only mode.
- `#F171981` - Resolved the `beforeFormFieldFill` event triggering issue keyboard navigation.
- `#SF-363546` - Resolved the script error in deleting the table with the bookmark.
- `#FB31160` - Resolved the empty lines tracked changes.
- `#SF-364322`, `#SF-365061` - Resolved the high light colour exporting issue in server-side saving.
- `#FB32346` - Resolved the script error in deleting the image in spell check enabled mode.
- `#SF-366101` - Resolved the font size binding issue in font dialog.

## PDF Viewer

### Bug Fixes

- `#SF-362122` - Now, the shape annotation bounds are updated properly in the `annotationResize` event.
- `#SF-361850` - Now, the annotation toolbar icons are aligned correctly after resizing.
- `#SF-363301` - The script error is no longer thrown while hovering the toolbar icons without using the `showTooltip` property.
- `#SF-362647` - Now, the signature, and initial fields are unable to edit in the read-only mode.
- `#SF-361801` - Script error is no longer thrown while destroying the viewer control in the IE browser.
- `#SF-363899` - Now, the `annotationUnSelect` event triggers for custom stamp annotations.
- `#SF-363936` - Now, the signature panel will not be opened on right-click of signature fields.
- `#F168155` - The downloaded document displays Czech characters.

## Pivot Table

### Bug Fixes

- When changing the report dynamically using the toolbar UI options, the Pivot Chart is now properly displayed.
- `#I366940` - When defer layout update is enabled, measures are properly added to the field list UI.

## Sidebar

### Bug Fixes

- `#I363057` - The issue with "The change event is triggered twice for the first change in Sidebar component" has been resolved.

