## Common

### Breaking Changes
{:#common-breaking-changes}
* The `SkinStorage` based themes has been moved from `Syncfusion.Shared.WPF` and `Syncfusion.Tools.WPF` to `Syncfusion.Shared.WPF.Classic` and `Syncfusion.Tools.WPF.Classic` assemblies respectively. From this release, add `Syncfusion.Shared.WPF.Classic` and `Syncfusion.Tools.WPF.Classic` assemblies references to the application references if you are applying themes using `SkinStorage`. Its recommended to use [skin manager](https://help.syncfusion.com/wpf/themes/skin-manager) based themes.

* Please find the list of SkinStorage based themes which needs classic assembly reference.
    * Office2007Blue
    * Office2007Black
    * Office2007Silver
    * Office2010Blue
    * Office2010Black
    * Office2010Silver
    * Office2003
    * Office2013
    * Blend
    * Metro
    * VS2010
    * Transparent
    * SyncOrange
    * ShinyRed
    * ShinyBlue.

* Please find the theme xaml path breaking changes from this [reference](https://help.syncfusion.com/wpf/classic/skin-storage/xaml-path-changes).

* Also, below controls which uses SkinStorage based themes for default appearence, You need to add classic assembly references to continue to use this controls. 
    * OlapChart
    * OlapClient
    * OlapGrid
    * OlapGauge
    * SfSchedule (classic)
    
* The below list of controls has been moved from `Syncfusion.Tools.WPF` to `Syncfusion.Tools.WPF.Classic` assembly. Add reference to `Syncfusion.Tools.WPF.Classic` assembly to the application references to use these controls.
    * NotifyIcon.
    * RangeSliderControl.

* The below list of classic controls has been moved from `Syncfusion.Shared.WPF` to `Syncfusion.Shared.WPF.Classic` assembly. Add reference to `Syncfusion.Shared.WPF.Classic` assembly to the application references to use these controls.
    * SpellChecker.
    * SkinPicker.
    * VistaWindow.

### Features
{:#common-features}
* Syncfusion WPF Controls now support .NET 5.0.
* New Office2019 high contrast white theme has been provided for both frameworks and Syncfusion controls.
* The SystemTheme has been updated to generate from ThemeStudio for both frameworks and Syncfusion controls.